why hello how are you guys today in the
unit totally forgot my camera in the
unit with footage from the days before
so I had to come back here to pick it up
to edit that vlog how are you guys today
on tap we are driving time to drive pick
up Mel Deva and it's time to figure out
house living living together and stuff
Oh train station there yeah
drive it it's crazy this weather is
changing it's crazy how the gas prices
are changing it's not good guys I mean
that it's always awesome to see gas
prices drop but that means there's
something going wrong in the world you
know where something positive happens
there's always something else negative
especially with the you know numbers and
the economy
melissa is making me food
I'm sitting here waiting that's right
it's ready and I've been weird I mean
your delicious lunch food sniffles
schnitzels it's made by mommy
hey listen made by mommy I was I came
out so we need answers
all right left male divas house
Melissa's house was a good day I uh the
whole thing with the house and the
mortgage was there like trying to you
know every mortgage person tries to take
advantage of you or try to tell you that
we got the best rate and all this other
stuff so we're trying to we're going to
be really aggressive with this stuff and
I'm trying to you know lower rate so
that we can actually afford a house
Mississauga Toronto is just just awful
we're trying to get anything going but
we'll find something
finally possibly I know it's been
playing around the Actifry the Actifry I
haven't made anything yet so we're
making some french fried some healthy
french fries cutting them up and you dry
out the potatoes first and all that and
then you put it in there for like 45
minutes Oh buddy
that's my phone I should probably check
it that's me it's furious me furious
hey you're gonna do a stretch for us Oh
stretchy no stretchy hey series so
camera shop all right it is late at
night things got out of hand that I've
had but furious is gonna join me and go
to the unit we got a couple videos to
film and I'm gonna work out with them
there I'm gonna try and do a workout
video for the main channel think so it's
called in here a Furious it's cold turn
on the heater it's cold
and I love guys we aren't excited to be
here I am NOT but I am 48 degrees
fahrenheit in here so that's pretty
called put it up to 62 what do you guys
say 62 whoa or turnig on wait for it
wait for it come on
did you did it today come on work come
on you're not turning on come on come on
I need you I need you in my life oh oh
yeah yeah right here this guy just
follows me around everywhere get lost
get lost
stop it get lost things loud sorry it's
really loud on camera I apologize but it
warms us up to put on a hoodie warm
myself up
this guy's always excited doesn't matter
he likes coming here we put his like
little bed here so they can actually
feel more or at home more comfortable
comforter ball camera all set up hey you
can see me look at that Wow
Wow there you can see furious late-night
shootings with furious he's like
whatever going home when not for a while
bro
not for a while there's a time for a
little pigs here oh you know what to do
you got a sit sit shitty
whoa out of anyone whoa oh yeah hey not
in the gym I was gonna eat in the gym Oh
gross oh middle of filming a workout
right there
Ferris is just hanging out right there
I'm Ricky this is Harris it's 120 pounds
time to rip it out as many times as I
can
20 minutes I think I've taken okay 90
second break these are hard I just you
need all the energy you can do for
inclines and yeah you know I'm nowhere
where it used to be that's for sure no
excuse oh let's keep going okay all
right my workouts done I am just totally
dead tired everything it's like what are
the one that order two one
he's really really tired but he's been
supporting me the whole time
he is a good friend
anyways we're gonna head home
you guys stay sexy stay hunger and of
course get laid my friends